Create ui-c8y-1022-41-0-add-support-for-new-audit-type-tenant-certificate-authority-9914-graft.md (#3784)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1022-41-0-add-support-for-new-audit-type-tenant-certificate-authority-9914-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: 'Add a new audit log type "Tenant certificate authority"'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Added a new audit log type "Tenant certificate authority"
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64626
version: 1022.41.0
---

> In the context of enhancing the audit log capabilities, this change introduces a new audit log type called "Tenant certificate authority". With this addition, users can now view and filter audit logs related to tenant certificate authority events directly from the audit logs browser in the Administration application. This improvement provides better visibility and tracking of certificate authority related activities within a tenant, enabling administrators to monitor and analyze these specific events more effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of enhancing the audit log capabilities, this change introduces a new audit log type called "Tenant certificate authority". With this addition, users can now view and filter audit logs related to tenant certificate authority events directly from the audit logs browser in the Administration application. This improvement provides better visibility and tracking of certificate authority-related activities within a tenant, enabling administrators to monitor and analyze these specific events more effectively.
```

> In the context of enhancing the audit log capabilities, this change introduces a new audit log type called "Tenant certificate authority". With this addition, users can now view and filter audit logs related to tenant certificate authority events directly from the audit logs browser in the Administration application. This improvement provides better visibility and tracking of certificate authority-related activities within a tenant, enabling administrators to monitor and analyze these specific events more effectively.

Reviewer 2: What type of events will be logged? might be useful to add that information or point to the documentation where we provide that information.

Reviewer 3: Sure, the list of events will be available here https://cumulocity.com/docs/standard-tenant/monitoring/#audit-log-types.

```suggestion
In the context of enhancing the audit log capabilities, this change introduces a new audit log type called "Tenant certificate authority". With this addition, users can now view and filter audit logs related to tenant certificate authority events directly from the audit logs browser in the Administration application. This improvement provides better visibility and tracking of certificate authority-related activities within a tenant, enabling administrators to monitor and analyze these specific events more effectively. You can find the list of logged event types in the [user documentation](/standard-tenant/monitoring/#audit-log-types).
```

> In the context of enhancing the audit log capabilities, this change introduces a new audit log type called "Tenant certificate authority". With this addition, users can now view and filter audit logs related to tenant certificate authority events directly from the audit logs browser in the Administration application. This improvement provides better visibility and tracking of certificate authority-related activities within a tenant, enabling administrators to monitor and analyze these specific events more effectively. You can find the list of logged event types in the [user documentation](/standard-tenant/monitoring/#audit-log-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance the audit log capabilities, a new audit log type called "Tenant certificate authority" has been added. With this change, users can now view and filter audit logs related to tenant certificate authority events directly from the audit logs browser in the Administration application. This improvement provides better visibility and tracking of certificate authority-related activities within a tenant, enabling administrators to monitor and analyze these specific events more effectively. You can find the list of logged event types in the [user documentation](/standard-tenant/monitoring/#audit-log-types).
```
